## Privacy Policy for Zookeeper Online

This Privacy Policy documents the types of information that are
collected and processed by Zookeeper Online.

### What is Zookeeper Online?

Zookeeper Online is free and open source (FOSS) software that assists
in the management of various radio station functions such as music
library, playlists, and charting.  The source code is available at
<https://zookeeper.ibinx.com/>.

### Scope of this Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy covers only the open source components of
Zookeeper Online as released via <https://zookeeper.ibinx.com/>.  Any
radio station or other third-party who makes use of this software is
free to enhance the software.  This may include changes which impact
privacy.  **_In addition to this Privacy Policy, please see also the
privacy policy of the radio station or other party who is hosting the
website you are accessing now._**

### What data do we collect and how do we collect it?

For visitors who access Zookeeper Online without logging in, we do not
collect any personally identifiable information.  If you are an
authorized user, Zookeeper Online will collect your name and e-mail
address.  We collect and process this information when you login to
our website for the first time.

### How will we use your data?

We collect your data so that we can authenticate your access to our
service and manage your account.  We do not share your data with any
third-parties.

### Cookies and web beacons

For visitors who access Zookeeper Online without logging in, no
cookies are created during the visit.  Zookeeper Online uses transient
(session) cookies for those visitors who have a user account with us
and who login to access additional content on the website.  These cookies
are used to maintain session information whilst a user is logged in.
The cookies are deleted automatically when the user logs out or closes
the browser window.

Zookeeper Online does not use third-party cookies nor web beacons.

### Log files

Zookeeper Online follows a standard practice of using web server log
files. These files log visitors when they access the website. The
information collected by log files includes internet protocol (IP)
address, browser type, date and time of access, and possibly the
referring web page.  This log information is not linked to any
information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of this
information is for administering the site and resolving any technical
issues that may arise.

### Changes to our Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 23 June 2019.

### How to contact us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us
via e-mail at <zookeeper@ibinx.com>.  If you have questions about the
privacy policy of the website you are accessing now, the data held on
you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights,
please contact the radio station or other party who is hosting this
website.
